(tense music)
(fire crackling)
[Nel] No way.
I don't believe it!
That guy beat the Tres Bestia?
[Quilge] A Soul Reaper carrying
an Arrancar on his back?
Unusual, but not surprising.
You see, I know all about you,
Ichigo Kurosaki.
Oh yes, you were
included in the Daten
provided to us by His Majesty.
In fact, you're listed
as a "Special Threat"
whose elimination
is a top priority!
A "Special Threat?"
That technique!
The Hirenkyaku!
(intense rock music)
(Ichigo gasping)
(arrows exploding)
Are you guys what
I think you are?
Oh, dear.
Am I to believe you
are actually going to
engage us in battle without
even being sure of who we are?
How very impulsive of you.
But to answer your question,
(intense rock music)
as a matter of fact, we
are what you think we are.
We're Quincies.
Quincies.
Well, I suspected that
might be the case,
but I wish I'd been wrong.
Do we yet know where
they are operating from?
No. Thus far, I haven't
been able to find it.
[Yamamoto] I see.
Which means we have no
way of attacking them.
Very well.
All Squad Captains are hereby
ordered to prepare for war.
According to the Rebel
Army's advance guard,
the battle shall
begin in five days.
But we have no reason
to trust the words
of anyone who would
launch a surprise attack.
So prepare at once for an attack
that could come at any time!
For I shall not allow our enemy
to catch us unaware ever again!
("Scar" by Tatsuya Kitani)
(singing in Japanese)
-("Scar" by Tatsuya Kitani)
-(singing in Japanese)
Every blow struck home.
What's the matter?
I know you can do
better than that!
(sword crashing)
-(Quilge humming questioningly)
-[Ichigo] That's weird.
I thought Quincies used a
bow to shoot their arrows.
But how?
-(Ichigo grunting)
-(arrows exploding)
Ichigo!
Oh, good.
Look after Nel!
(Orihime stammering)
(Orihime grunting)
(sword clanging)
[Quilge] Impressive.
It's enough to make me
feel deeply dismayed
at my lack of skill.
Don't feel too bad.
Your arrows were a lot
stronger than Uryu's.
Though it's been a while
since I got hit by one of 'em.
Uryu?
Are you by any chance
referring to Uryu Ishida?
(gasps) Yeah, that's right.
How do you guys know about him?
You're saying Uryu
Ishida's Heilig Pfeil
is weaker than mine?
That seems unlikely.
Impossible, in fact.
And what is that
supposed to mean?
Whoopsie!
Speech is silver,
silence is golden.
Forgive me for
speaking out of turn.
Forget I said it.
(Quilge humming quietly)
What a shame.
Our little chat
must come to an end.
I've just received orders
from His Majesty, you see.
And who is that?
There's really no point in
my answering that question.
You won't live long
enough to do anything
with that information, anyway.
Now then, watch carefully.
You may have heard
stories about this power,
perhaps from one
of your friends.
A Quincy's final state.
-Letz Stile!
-(Ichigo gasping)
(energy humming)
Is this that secret Quincy move
that Uryu used before?
(glass shattering)
(dramatic orchestral music)
Now, just so you understand
what you're witnessing,
the proper name for this form is
Quincy Voll Stern Dich.
(Ichigo sighing anxiously)
[Quincy 1] An update
from Jagd Armee 1, sire.
Quilge Opie has
engaged in battle
with "Special Threat,"
Ichigo Kurosaki.
[Yhwach] Good.
-Let us go, then.
-(Quincy 2 gasping)
Go where, Your Majesty?
Isn't it obvious?
[Quincy 3] By order of
his Imperial Majesty,
all Stern Ritters
are to immediately
equip themselves for battle
and assemble at the
Gate of the Sun.
To repeat-
[Yhwach] The time has
come for the Wandenreich
to launch its invasion
of the soul Society.
(intense rock music)
Do you feel it?
The pulsation of my power?
(Ichigo gasping)
The power of he who will
deliver your punishment!
This technique...
Is this what Kisuke
told me about?
(Ichigo grunting)
(swords clanging)
I can see you're a bit
confused, aren't you?
I know what you're thinking.
Allow me to answer
your question.
No, it's entirely different.
-(Ichigo grunting)
-(swords clanging)
The Quincy Letz Stile
you're thinking of
is a hopelessly obsolete
relic of the distant past
that was abandoned
more than 200 years ago
due to its fragile
and unstable nature.
The only one foolish
enough to continue using it
was Soken Ishida, who
rejected the whole idea
of research and evolution!
To compare that old relic
with Quincy Voll Stern Dich
is like comparing night and day!
Okay, so putting aside
the history lesson,
what you're saying
is that your power
is a different kind of
power than Uryu's, right?
I'm glad to hear that.
'Cause if I thought he was
gonna turn into something
as creepy as you, I'd just
have to take him out myself.
-(Quilge growling)
-Careful, you're losing focus.
-(Ichigo grunting)
-(sword clanging)
Getsuga tensho!
(ground rumbling)
-[Quilge] A valiant effort.
-(Ichigo gasping)
Maybe aim a little more
carefully next time.
(Ichigo grunting)
But even if your
aim were better,
I don't think you'd be able to
find any weak spots, frankly.
"Creepy?"
Is that what you called me?
Yes, that would be an
appropriate response.
In the eyes of a lowly Soul
Reaper such as yourself,
I'm sure that my
current form must appear
very "creepy" indeed.
Horrifying, in fact.
Because you're
looking on the face
of your own holy executioner!
(intense rock music)
Oh, no!
My Sotenkishun's
being peeled away!
Now, I shall give you
a good taste of it.
My Voll Stern Dich,
the awesome power of Piskiel!
(glass shattering)
-Huh?
-(punch thudding)
(Orihime gasping)
Who, or should I
say, what is that?
(foot stomping)
You weren't expecting to
see us again, were you?
We told you not to
underestimate us.
Go on, teach this cocky
four-eyed monkey a lesson!
Smash his stupid face in, Ayon!
(Ayon roaring)
(Orihime gasping)
What the hell?
What is that?
Ayon's a pet monster we created
by fusing our left
arms together!
Watch yourself, he can be
a little unpredictable!
(Ayon roaring)
Surely a mindless
beast like that
is no match for my
Voll Stern Dich-
-(punch thudding)
-(Quilge grunting)
(Quilge coughing wetly)
(book tapping)
So far, I've found nothing.
[Ryuken] What are
you doing here?
[Uryu] Ryuken.
I seem to remember telling
you not to come in here
without my permission.
The Soul Society
is under attack.
And Hueco Mundo's been invaded.
And from the looks
of it, it's Quincies.
But there are no Quincies
in existence besides us.
So what's up?
What do you know?
None of this even
remotely concerns you.
(Uryu growling)
-Drop it.
-Don't you brush me aside!
Not again!
I am the last Quincy there is.
I need to know.
I have a right to know!
The answer you're looking for,
you won't find it here.
-(footsteps tapping)
-(door thudding)
You're not scared, are you?
-Of course not.
-Glad to hear it.
Shino?
This might be a strange
time to ask this, but...
Yeah, what is it?
The Soul Reapers
and the Quincies
share the same goal of
defeating Hollows, right?
So can you tell me why
we're even fighting
each other in the first place?
What? You don't know that?
Oh, uh, well...
[Kajomaru] You know
that in ancient times,
Soul Reapers were referred
to as Balancers, right?
[Shino] Sixth Seat Kajomaru!
It's an honor, sir!
Thank you.
But since we have time,
why don't we look into
this question of
yours for a bit?
You both understand the basic
law of this world, don't you?
That souls circulate between
the world of the living
and the Soul Society?
-Of course.
-Yes, definitely.
Good.
When a living creature
becomes a Hollow, however,
they can't return
to the Soul Society.
It is our job as Soul Reapers
to purify these Hollows,
and by delivering their
souls to the Soul Society,
lead them back to the
normal circulation of souls.
That is why we are
called Balancers.
But Quincies seek to
destroy and extinguish
souls that have become Hollows.
And what happens
when they do that?
Those souls are
never able to return
to the Soul Society then?
That's right.
Normally, a balance
should be maintained
between the number of souls
that exist in the Soul Society
and the number existing in
the World of the Living.
But as Quincies
extinguish more Hollows
in the World of the Living,
the numbers of souls is reduced,
disrupting the natural balance.
If we don't stop them,
the balance will eventually
be irreparably damaged,
causing the Soul Society to flow
-into the world of the Living,
-(hands clapping)
resulting in the ultimate
destruction of both.
(both gasping)
(book tapping)
Nothing.
There isn't even much here
about Quincies to begin with.
Master...
-(chain rattling)
-(Uryu sighing)
"You won't find it here."
(door thumping)
(footsteps tapping)
(somber guitar music)
(drawers clattering)
Huh?
(gasps) The Master's diary!
[Kajomaru] To prevent such a
catastrophe from happening,
the Soul Society
repeatedly tried
to negotiate with the Quincies,
but they were
rebuffed every time.
The Soul Society could
see that the world
was heading toward destruction,
so 200 years ago, after
endless discussion and debate,
the Quincy Extermination
Operation was initiated.
Our goals are antithetical,
and they'll never forgive us
for the genocide we
perpetrated on them.
The Soul Reapers and Quincies
have no choice but to fight.
Now do you understand,
Squad Member Ryunosuke Yuki?
Just one more question.
Are we sure that,
that we're the ones with
justice on our side?
There are times when justice
lies wholly on one
side or the other.
But we are at war.
Wars take place when both sides
believe their cause is just.
[Yamamoto] You know why I have
called you here, don't you,
Squad 12 Captain Kurotsuchi?
I'm assuming it's because
I failed to get permission
before ordering my squad
to expunge 28,000 citizens
of the Rukon District
in order to correct
the imbalance of souls?
And why did you
not get permission?
We could have avoided all
the confusion that arose
when mass disappearances
in that district
were reported by Squad 11's
Third Seat Ikkaku Madarame
and Fifth Seat
Yumichika Ayasegawa.
You would've been
granted permission
if you had only asked.
And while I sat
waiting for permission,
the situation might well have
escalated beyond control.
That is not something
I particularly wanted
to be responsible for.
The mass extermination of
Hollows by the Rebel Army
was meant to disrupt
the balance between
the World of the Living
and the Soul Society.
Considering that the
loss of those people
in the Rukon District prevented
the collapse of both worlds,
it seems to me a
small price to pay.
And it seems to me
that we might have avoided
this entire situation
had your Department of
Research and Development
reported the matter earlier
and dealt with it promptly.
Utter nonsense.
From the moment that the
Quincy known as Uryu Ishida
infiltrated the Soul
Society as a Ryoka,
I foresaw that something
like this would happen
and advised you
accordingly, remember?
It was you who chose to
heedlessly disregard my warning.
Oh, and let us not
forget the fact that
everything that is
happening now is happening
because you, head captain,
couldn't kill that man
a thousand years ago!
It was you who
brought this upon us!
(Ayon roaring)
(fists slamming)
(Quilge choking)
(Orihime gasping)
(Ayon roaring)
(laughs) Look at that!
This guy's tough, all
right, I'll give him that.
I can't believe he's
even in one piece
after the clobbering
he just got from Ayon-
(flesh crunching)
(both gasping)
(Emilou grunting)
Impressive.
Intelligence reports
never indicated
this level of power.
Clearly, I will have
to advise his majesty
to adjust the
strength of our Blut.
-(bones snapping)
-But that's for later.
As for here and now,
all of you are going to die.
(energy humming)
No!
Not again!
(Chad grunting in pain)
(energy humming)
(Ayon roaring)
Hold on.
No, Ayon!
Stop!
When I said all of
you are going to die,
I may have misspoke.
(Ayon roaring)
(both gasping)
(body thudding)
Sklave Rai.
a Quincy's ability
to absorb Reishi,
pushed to its furthest limit.
It can achieve the complete
subordination of that Reishi.
I wanted to avoid
using it, if possible.
I can't stand thought of my
holy wings being besmirched
by such grotesque impurities.
(both grunting)
A wise choice.
However, you still haven't
grasped the disparity
between your power and mine.
(dramatic orchestral music)
-(bodies thudding)
-(Cyan screaming)
(Orihime gasping)
No!
Orihime!
(dramatic orchestral music)
-(Chad straining)
-Chad!
Whenever I see such suffering,
it just confirms my belief
that killing the weak is
invariably disappointing.
Why is it they always make an
unsightly spectacle of dying?
I can't bear to watch this.
Just die.
(glass shattering)
(dramatic orchestral music)
-(swords clanging)
-(attack exploding)
A Bankai!
I'm guessing if I could
destroy that disk on your head,
you can't do so much
"subordinating of Reishi,"
can ya?
Figuring that out is one thing,
but to actually have
the audacity to try it!
You really are an extremely
difficult person to deal with,
aren't you?
(dramatic orchestral music)
Hurry, hurry!
Keep up!
Come on, gimme a break, will ya?
Correct me if I'm wrong here,
but I think you were
the one who insisted
that we find and
save Dondochakka
while Ichigo is
distracting the enemy!
Oh, and I'm so glad you did!
I didn't know at the time
that he was going to end up
being this much trouble!
We should've left you back
there hiding in the sand,
you overgrown polka-dot buffoon!
You know that hurts, right?
(Urahara gasping)
(cloth fluttering)
[Ryuken] Now you're in my
room without permission?
That's twice now.
You've read this, right?
Is it true, what's
written in here?
I see.
So you've known
everything all along.
About the Wandenreich,
about the one
who's leading them,
about Mom, even.
Uryu, I told you, this
doesn't concern you.
(Uryu growling)
(footsteps tapping)
(Soul Reapers murmuring)
There's no need to
look so nervous.
Was I? Sorry about that.
Don't you worry.
Squad 11 is right
outside the gate.
We'll be safe here.
-(fire exploding)
-(all gasping)
[Soul Reaper 1]
What's happening?
[Soul Reaper 2] It's
some kind of blue fire!
But how?
How I dislike conflict.
It is so disagreeable.
(fires exploding)
-What's going on?
-An attack?
(doors clattering)
What the hell?
What is that?
Reishi?
Is that what that is?
(dramatic orchestral music)
(swords clattering)
Well, come on!
What is it?
[Reishi Investigator]
Spiritual pressure analysis,
a 93% match!
It's a Quincy!
-(fire roaring)
-(Izuru grunting)
(Izuru gasping and gurgling)
(body thudding)
Lieutenant Kira!
(growls) You'll pay
for that, you coward!
Spiral and Rise, Shunjin!
Mogaribue!
Now blow!
Counteract, Katakage-
-(Katakura grunting)
-(body slamming)
(dramatic orchestral music)
-(fire roaring)
-(blood squelching)
(body thudding)
Sorry about this,
but we're gonna have to
kill every one of you.
(dramatic orchestral music)
Tremble, Soul Reapers.
For the Stern Ritters have come.
We're going to purge
you from the world.
("Saihate" by SennaRin)
(singing in Japanese)
[Toshiro] A frostbitten
world turns to fire.
A shadow of a wing remains.
I try and try again.
It slips away, shadow of a wing.
-("Saihate" by SennaRin)
-(singing in Japanese)